Update traffic_editor (#24)
osrf/ros2multirobotbook: src/traffic-editor.md

One of the most important tools in the `traffic_editor` GUI is the _Add lane_
tool available in the _Traffic_ edit mode. The allowable motions of each fleet
operating in the facility is conveyed through its respective Graph which
consists of waypoints and connecting lanes. In this approach, we assume that

> robots travel along straight-line like paths between waypoints. While this may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
robots travel along effectively straight-line paths between waypoints. While this may
```

      - [32, 33, {bidirectional: [4, true], demo_mock_floor_name: [1, ""], demo_mock_lift_name: [1, ""], graph_idx: [2, 2], orientation: [1, forward]}]
```

### Deriving coordinate-space transforms
The coordinate system used in the GUI when annotating waypoints and lanes, RMF
coordinate system, has its origin at the top left corner of the floor plan and
with X & Y Axes along the positive horizontal and positive vertical directions
respectively. However, maps generated by robots may have origin elsewhere and
further be oriented and scaled differently. It is critical to derive the correct
transform between coordinate frames in `traffic_editor` maps and robot maps as
`rmf_fleet_adapters` expect all robots to publish their locations in the RMF
coordinate system while the `rmf_fleet_adapters` also issue path requests in the same frame.

To derive such transforms, the `traffic_editor` GUI allows users to overlay

> robot maps on a floor plan and, apply scaling, translational and rotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
robot maps on a floor plan and, apply scale, translation and rotation
```

> transformations such that the two maps overlap desirably. The user can then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transformations such that the two maps align correctly. The user can then
```
